up here here I'm gonna let you run the
camera I'm gonna go start the car
because there's some guys on here is it
perfect there's a perfect view right
here yeah dieters car
and go
whistling noise that's what I don't
in the car say
should take the roof down
huh thanks oh yeah that's all too cold
out
it's pretty nice out though innit not
that nice
alright let's go
go hot rod
there you run that now here she go on
well keep running at
what tough guy yeah come on tough guy
yeah Victor aren't you aren't you a turd
smell like one
and what and why am I supposed to be
filming this cuz I'm ever home all ford
mustang website friend
Oh
poor soldier
when you're filming
aren't you filming this that's wrong
yeah
keep filming the dashboard 400 said he's
filming outside filming anything
okay i just say God give that